Old Fashioned
2 oz bourbon
1/4 oz Simple Syrup
1 Dash Angostura Bitters
1 Dash Orange Bitters
-
Store the bourbon, simple syrup, and bitters in a mixing glass with ice. Strain into a rocks glass with one large ice cube. Garnish with an orange peel.

Whiskey Sour
2 oz Bourbon
3/4 oz Lemon Juice
3/4 oz Simple Syrup
1 Egg White
-
Add the bourbon, fresh squeezed lemon juice, simple syrup, and egg white to the shaker. Shake first without ice and then again with ice. Strain into a rocks glass with ice. Garnish with a lemon peel. 

Manhattan
2 oz Rye Whiskey
1 oz Sweet vermouth
5 drops Angostura Bitters
-
Add all the ingredients to a mixing glass and fill with ice. Stir well and strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a cherry.

2 oz Beefeater gin	
1⁄2 oz Dry vermouth
1 dash Orange bitters
-
Add all the ingredients to a mixing glass and fill with ice.Stir until very cold and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.Garnish with a lemon twist.

Long Island
3⁄4 oz Gin	
3⁄4 oz White rum	
3⁄4 oz Silver tequila	
3⁄4 oz Vodka
3⁄4 oz Triple Sec
3⁄4 oz Simple syrup	
3⁄4 oz Lemon juice
/ Cola
-
Fill a highball or hurricane glass with ice and add all the ingredients except the cola.Top with a splash of cola and stir briefly.Garnish with a lemon wedge.

Black and Tan
2 oz Pale ale
2 oz Stout
-
Pour pale ale into glass. Layer in stout so that it floats on top and the pale ale below.

Classic Bloody Mary
1 / Lemon wedge
1 / Lime wedge
2 oz Premium Vodka	
4 oz Tomato juice
2 dashes Tabasco Sauce
2 tsp Prepared horseradish
2 dashes Worcestershire sauce
1 pinch Celery salt
1 pinch Ground black pepper
1 pinch Smoked paprika
-
Pour some celery salt onto a small plate. Rub the juicy side of the lemon or lime wedge along the lip of a pint glass. Roll the outer edge of the glass in celery salt until fully coated. Fill with ice and set aside. Squeeze the lemon and lime wedges into a shaker and drop them in. Add the remaining ingredients and fill with ice. Shake gently and strain into the prepared glass. Garnish with a celery stalk and a lime wedge.

Margarita
3⁄4 oz Fresh Squeezed Lime Juice
1 oz Orange Liqueur	
1 oz Blanco tequila
/ Salt (optional)
Add the ingredients to a shaker filled with ice and shake. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass or rocks glass filled with fresh ice. Garnish with a lime wheel. For a slightly sweeter drink, add a dash of agave syrup (one part water, two parts agave nectar) before shaking.


 